# WordUtility
Word Utilities
## Purpose
To provide missing functionality that should have been in Microsoft Word but isn't.
## What This Is
A C# console application that removes all existing headers and footers from a Microsoft Word document.
## What This Is Not
A general-purpose utility that can be used "as-is" without modification.

In reality, all you need to do is modify the one ```const``` that points to the full path where the target Word document is located, rebuild the solution and run it.
## Background
I tried to use the interactive Find/Replace ```Ctrl+H``` to find and replace text in the headers of a Word 2016 document that was auto-generated by a software tool.

I was disappointed to find that the interactive Find/Replace only works on the main content of a Word document, not the headers or footers.

After researching on the internet, the only solutions I found involved complex (even for me, who is deeply familiar with them) VBA macros, which I believe (in my not so humble opinion) amounts to a "dinosaur solution" from back in the 1990's.

I did not want to have to enable VBA (often turned off by design by document authors to protect against  viruses) in every document in order to use those VBA remedies.

Since I already had some superficial knowledge of how to use the Open XML SDK 2.5 to read Microsoft Excel workbooks, I decided to look for something that might find/replace text in the headers and footers of a Microsoft Word document.

While I did not locate a find/replace technique, I did find a way to remove all existing headers and footers.

That is what I wound up coding in C# in the code you will find in the GitHub repository.
